welcome to another edition of the most
consistent politican dedicated uploading
YouTube issue Shawn's unit aimed on
youtube com make sure like this video
subscribe with all the latest breaking
details and developing events as
concerns tonight's hell in the cell all
the rumors gossip right now coming out
of the WWE with just hours just a couple
hours before TLC is it expected that
there will be a tag team match added to
the car as well as another possible
singles match although that is not
confirmed there is rumors that Chris
Jericho could make its return at
tonight's TLC pay-per-view in some way
shape fashion or form it's also been
reported that WWE has a solid plane
going into tonight's TLC event with the
feeling being that there will be no
last-minute changes to the card all the
finishes to these respective matches and
that's a good thing moving forward in my
mind AJ Lee is in hot water with the WWE
and it's expected that she could lose
her Divas Championship tonight as
concerns blood in tonight's TLC match
between Randy Orton and John Cena it's
being rumored that if there is blood in
this match McMahon would not be happy
with it but at the same time he would
also go along with it knowing that this
will be a memorable match that may need
that extra initiative also going into
tonight's TLC there is said to be less
stress backstage in things to be and
thin things seem to be in order it's
also rumored that WWE has high
expectations going into tonight's TLC
pay-per-view with so much on the line so
ladies and gentlemen these are all the
latest developing details and backstage
rumours concerning tonight's TLC event
as always Shawn's Montaine will stay up
to date and all the latest rumors news
headlines and gossip in the WWE not only
on pay-per-view day but every single day
your comments your opinions and do you
think Chris Jericho is going to make an
appearance tonight it's Triple H going
to be the one that all Thome ends up
becoming industry champion it's mr.
McMahon gonna play a part in TLC there's
a lot of questions and hopefully most of
them will get answer tonight and of
course will John Cena or reindeer and
write their name and the history books
in the annals of time as one of the
all-time greats subscribe